Now that we know the basic structure about Docker,
we've seen flask running.
Let's get into how to actually install the packages inside of this Docker file.
So if we go back again to this Docker file,
let's take a look at it,
the part that installs the packages is this block right here.
So what I do is I say,
pip install --upgrade pip.
So this is a great first step to make sure that I'm
using the latest version of pip inside my Docker container.
Next, what I do, is actually go through here and I
actually install the requirements that are inside this TXT file.
So really that's all that's necessary is I say pip install and then I do -r requirements.
We've already seen what you do in there,
you just add different Python packages
and then this will run when I build my Docker image.